[Music]
What's up my dear Lovers of the
heart today we have some
strong news and it is about the end of
Chenoa's marriage to Miguel Sánchez
a very famous presenter has just
separated and so the party began announcing
this same news minutes later they
revealed that it was Chenoa the
singer has been the one who has made the
decision to end her
relationship with Miguel Sánchez in China
just a year and a half after saying
yes to each other in Mallorca remember that the
couple intended to get married in
2020 but due to the terrible
coronavirus pandemic they were unable to get
married they were finally able to get married
two years later specifically in June
2022 now they have gone their
separate ways we are talking about a marriage that
has lasted a year and a half that right now
could be broken his environment
tells me about two reasons one of them the
problems of coexistence and the other the
strongest the possibility of the
existence of third parties they
revealed at the party at the moment despite
the news they both continue to
follow each other on social networks and
well family I will be reading your
opinions in the comments leave your
like and  Subscribe to stay up to
date with all the news from the heart. A
hug.